and there it is
on Friday the 12th that I have already said tomorrow
buy the bike and there's an uncle who
called bishop 1986 in the game
but if you want to stop repeating them
Mongolian trace after I leave it came to the
call of the Lord
Today we're playing exactly
destroy
the bomb
I will continue to png and mobile
there is also a mind
ay you saw the emblem of imanol
power case with the medals that I've
thought-out
I'm going to talk like that manuel with white
forever
blocked white
illusion and love
being with you
there comes me but your hand already like
singing while planting
How is it going
my mother and know what we left
and look, we have families to do that
honey
to do that shit
and how much are fired
here it happens here
the power
tell me that someone has seen my camera
uncle
white we are in competitive position
here you will not spend appetizer bed
encouraging the handsome I command him from
answers and take it from me and give me what
I take off the drag dumb pump dibise in
your life , resentment is strong in you
go up there and he killed me
the bishop has no respect for his
superior towers and raisins to be
except to be in one of travel and
went from 0 3 to 84
with me
I want to make a child ninja
for the pump
the bomb
the memorandum then neither anything nor
and in this
This status
ah
I set myself as to deactivate and
environment of the god I did well the
distraction jatami you have the free sight
Pablo spends something
My life for you
yes